Sharks can pose a serious danger to humans.
Humans may be at risk when encountering sharks.
Sharks are known to be dangerous to people.
Encounters with sharks can threaten human safety.
Sharks have the potential to harm humans.
People can be vulnerable around sharks.
Sharks are capable of injuring humans.
Being near sharks can be risky for humans.
Sharks present a danger to swimmers.
Humans can be attacked by sharks.
Sharks are predators that can endanger humans.
Interactions with sharks can be hazardous.
Sharks can inflict serious harm on people.
Humans face potential danger in shark-infested waters.
Sharks are a threat to human safety in the ocean.
Swimming near sharks can be dangerous.
Sharks sometimes attack humans.
People should be cautious around sharks.
Sharks can pose a life-threatening risk to humans.
Humans are not always safe in the presence of sharks.
Sharks have been known to harm humans.
Ocean waters with sharks can be unsafe for people.
Sharks can turn into a danger for unsuspecting swimmers.
Humans may be at risk of shark attacks.
Sharks can cause serious injury to people.
Being in shark territory can be dangerous for humans.
Sharks are capable of deadly attacks on humans.
People in the ocean can be vulnerable to sharks.
Sharks sometimes pose a direct threat to humans.
Humans can be harmed during shark encounters.
Sharks are not always harmless to people.
Swimming in areas with sharks can be risky.
Sharks may attack humans under certain conditions.
Humans should be aware of the danger sharks present.
Sharks are powerful animals that can injure people.
Being close to sharks increases risk for humans.
Sharks can be a danger to divers.
People can suffer injuries from shark bites.
Sharks are a potential threat in marine environments.
Humans can be in danger when sharks are nearby.
Sharks are known to attack humans occasionally.
Ocean activities can be dangerous due to sharks.
Sharks can pose significant risks to swimmers.
Humans should exercise caution in shark habitats.
Sharks have the ability to harm people.
Being around sharks can be unsafe.
Sharks can endanger human life.
Humans may encounter danger from sharks in the sea.
Sharks can cause fatal injuries to humans.
People should recognize the risks posed by sharks.
Sharks can threaten humans in open water.
Encounters with sharks can be dangerous for people.
Sharks sometimes view humans as prey.
Humans can be at risk in shark-populated areas.
Sharks can be aggressive toward humans.
People may face danger from sharks while swimming.
Sharks are capable of attacking humans.
Humans are not immune to shark-related risks.
Sharks can present serious hazards to humans.
Swimming near sharks increases danger.
Sharks can be life-threatening to people.
Humans may be injured by sharks.
Sharks can pose dangers during ocean recreation.
People can be vulnerable to shark attacks.
Sharks have been responsible for human injuries.
Humans should avoid areas known for shark activity.
Sharks can be unpredictable and dangerous to people.
Being in shark territory is risky for humans.
Sharks may harm humans if provoked or mistaken.
People face potential danger when sharks are present.
Sharks are capable of inflicting serious damage to humans.
Humans can be in jeopardy near sharks.
Sharks can create dangerous situations for swimmers.
Ocean waters with sharks can be hazardous.
Humans may become victims of shark attacks.
Sharks are sometimes a danger to beachgoers.
People should take shark warnings seriously.
Sharks can attack humans unexpectedly.
Humans can be exposed to danger in shark habitats.
Sharks pose a risk to anyone in their environment.
People can be harmed by shark encounters.
Sharks can be a threat to human life.
Humans may be at risk when diving with sharks.
Sharks can cause severe injuries to people.
Being near sharks is not always safe for humans.
Sharks can be dangerous animals for people.
Humans should be cautious in waters with sharks.
Sharks can put swimmers in danger.
People can be attacked by sharks in rare cases.
Sharks are capable of posing serious threats to humans.
Humans may be injured during shark interactions.
Sharks can endanger those who enter their territory.
People can be at risk when sharks are nearby.
Sharks sometimes present a danger to humans.
Humans should respect the risks sharks pose.
Sharks can be harmful to people in the ocean.
Swimming with sharks can be dangerous.
Sharks may attack humans under certain circumstances.
Humans can face danger in shark-inhabited waters.
Sharks are capable of being dangerous to humans.
